Documentation (#147)
Adapter-Hub/adapter-transformers: adapter_docs/quickstart.md

## Introduction

> Currently, *adapter-transformers* adds adapter components to the transformer models BERT, RoBERTa, XLM-RoBERTa, DistillBERT, GPT-2 and BART.

Reviewer: Maybe we shouldn't keep the list of supported models here as this can get outdated quickly.

```suggestion
Currently, *adapter-transformers* adds adapter components to the PyTorch implementations of all transformer models listed in the *Supported Models* section.
```
